docs(configure-mayastor): updated note to bypath or byid (#183)
openebs/mayastor-docs: quickstart/configure-mayastor.md

#### Permissible Schemes for `spec.disks` under DiskPool CR

{% hint style="info" %}
It is highly recommended to specify the disk using a unique device link that remains unaltered across node reboots. Examples of such device links are: by-path or by-id.

Easy way to retrieve device link for a given node:
`kubectl mayastor get block-devices worker`

```
DEVNAME       DEVTYPE  SIZE      AVAILABLE  MODEL                             DEVPATH                                                           MAJOR  MINOR  DEVLINKS 
/dev/nvme0n1  disk     894.3GiB  yes        Dell DC NVMe PE8010 RI U.2 960GB  /devices/pci0000:30/0000:30:02.0/0000:31:00.0/nvme/nvme0/nvme0n1  259    0      "/dev/disk/by-id/nvme-eui.ace42e00164f0290", "/dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:31:00.0-nvme-1", "/dev/disk/by-dname/nvme0n1", "/dev/disk/by-id/nvme-Dell_DC_NVMe_PE8010_RI_U.2_960GB_SDA9N7266I110A814"
```

Usage of the device name (for example, /dev/sdx) is not advised, as it may change if the node reboots, which might cause data corruption.
{% endhint %}

| Type | Format | Example |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | Disk(non PCI) with disk-by-guid reference <i><b>(Best Practice)</b></i> | Device File | aio:////dev/disk/by-id/<id> OR uring:////dev/disk/by-id/<id> |

Reviewer: sorry one more nit, there's an extra slash here
```suggestion
| Disk(non PCI) with disk-by-guid reference <i><b>(Best Practice)</b></i> | Device File | aio:///dev/disk/by-id/<id> OR uring:///dev/disk/by-id/<id> |
```

#### Permissible Schemes for `spec.disks` under DiskPool CR

{% hint style="info" %}

> It is highly recommended to specify the disk using a unique device link that remains unaltered across node reboots. You can create this disk by-path or by-id. One such device link is its `UUID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to specify the disk using a unique device link that remains unaltered across node reboots. Examples of such device links are: by-path or by-id.
```

> To get the UUID of a disk, execute:
> `sudo blkid`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Easy way to retrieve device link for a given node:
> kubectl mayastor get block-devices worker
DEVNAME       DEVTYPE  SIZE      AVAILABLE  MODEL                             DEVPATH                                                           MAJOR  MINOR  DEVLINKS 
 /dev/nvme0n1  disk     894.3GiB  yes        Dell DC NVMe PE8010 RI U.2 960GB  /devices/pci0000:30/0000:30:02.0/0000:31:00.0/nvme/nvme0/nvme0n1  259    0      "/dev/disk/by-id/nvme-eui.ace42e00164f0290", "/dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:31:00.0-nvme-1", "/dev/disk/by-dname/nvme0n1", "/dev/disk/by-id/nvme-Dell_DC_NVMe_PE8010_RI_U.2_960GB_SDA9N7266I110A814"
```

Reviewer: Also on line 28 (can't add comment there):
change by-uuid with by-id
